- [Chris] Reactive functional programming can help you
produce much more stable, responsive, and efficient systems.
The quickest way to get up and running is to use Angular
and Spring Boot to Bootstrap your applications.
In this course, we'll briefly review
some Spring Reactive concepts such as WebFlux
and Spring Reactive data.
We'll build an application that leverages
this Reactive Spring stack to create a REST API
on the back end.
On the front end, we'll use Angular to build a reactive app
to consumer the REST API and display the results
of various operations.
Hi, I'm Chris Anatalio and I've been
programming professionally for over a decade.
By the time you're done with this course,
you should have a solid foundation
in building a full-stack Reactive Spring
in Angular application.
Come join me in my LinkedIn Learning course
Building a Reactive App with Spring Boot and Angular.